Hi there! 

Thank you for interest in our Backend (Python + Django) Engineer position. We’re excited to get to know your technical skill better. See the task below. Fingers crossed and good luck!


Using Django REST Framework, write an API that allows any user to upload an image in PNG or JPG format.

You are allowed to use any libraries or base projects / cookie cutters you want (but using DRF is a hard requirement).

Skip the registration part, assume users are created via the admin panel.

Requirements:
it should be possible to easily run the project. docker-compose is a plus
users should be able to upload images via HTTP request
users should be able to list their images
there are three account tiers: Basic, Premium and Enterprise:
users that have "Basic" plan after uploading an image get: 
a link to a thumbnail that's 200px in height
users that have "Premium" plan get:
a link to a thumbnail that's 200px in height
a link to a thumbnail that's 400px in height
a link to the originally uploaded image
users that have "Enterprise" plan get
a link to a thumbnail that's 200px in height
a link to a thumbnail that's 400px in height
a link to the originally uploaded image
ability to fetch a link that expires after a number of seconds (user can specify any number between 300 and 30000)
admins should be able to create arbitrary plans with the following things configurable:
arbitrary thumbnail sizes
presence of the link to the originally uploaded file
ability to generate expiring links
admin UI should be done via django-admin
there should be no custom user UI (just browsable API from Django Rest Framework)
remember about:
tests
validation
performance considerations (assume there can be a lot of images and the API is frequently accessed)


Please focus on code cleanliness and quality even if your code doesn’t meet all functional requirements.

Submit your solution to bdd2021q2@hexocean.com within 6 business days from receiving this message. Solutions sent after this date or to a different email won’t be taken into account. If you need more time, please let us know as soon as you can. The solution should include:

All source files,
A short README written in English that explains how to set up the project,
The time it took you to perform the task,

Bonus for:

git repository
live preview

Feel free to contact us if you have any questions!

Mateusz Barszcz,
HexOcean sp. z.o.o.

